our first stop on today's show is a
quiet little lake in Georgia where we
caught up with Yamaha Marines Bass Pro
Day War lack Dave Wallach wola k wake
forest north carolina i fished the
Bassmaster Elite Series some bass opens
I fish some FL w's fish the paa there he
is that's not a giant fish but it tells
the tale look at that doc look back
there that's the cast that nobody wants
to get isn't it that's why I came in
here and saw that space it's about two
feet wire that goes back gotta cast past
the bush that's where he lives success
in dock fishing you know comes in the
type of dock and it comes in the type of
cover and surround and cover the bottom
content all that stuff is important but
the single most important thing in dock
fishing is getting that cast where no
man has gone before and I mean if I was
to pinpoint one thing it would be like
see that shadow that you can hardly cast
underneath there well that's where he
lives every single time
when I came to this body of water and I
could tell a lot from fishing all over
the country that kind of like fishing is
relatively bass is a bass everywhere you
go and I came here and I noticed that
most of the shoreline cover is permanent
structure permanent docks permanent sea
walls what that means to me is that
there's not a lot of rise and fall in
this lake I mean it might be a foot two
feet a tremendous amount of elevation
requires having floating docks and the
lakes that do that sometimes require an
entirely different strategy so when I'm
coming to a place like this and I'm
breaking it down I'm finding the
differences in the permanent structure
you know simple things even as it is the
dock on a point is it near deep water is
it have wooden poles does it have metal
poles does it have a lot of surface area
that's covered can you get to completely
underneath it can you skip underneath it
or can't you is it old is it new a lot
of those little things they sound like
subtle differences but they make a big
difference and if they hold fish are not
and you know something as simple as just
testing a whole bunch of them and seeing
which docs they're on and what type of
cover their on and even the water
clarity in some different parts of the
lake make a big difference on how they
relate to that cover so I break all that
stuff down to my head sometimes before I
even make my first cast and when I get
out here and I'm just going through the
motions of fishing these docks that's
just putting the pieces of the puzzle
together and you know a dock like this
sounds crazy but sometimes the
difference between just the simple of a
painted versus non painted doc makes a
difference some wake up that heat a
little bit more and magnify the heat if
you have one that's black or a dark old
wood may tend to hold fish more making a
whole fish less so I look at all those
little subtle differences and I try to
put the pieces of puzzle together and
many times that's all it takes is
finding one little difference and you
get a big one or a couple extra fish
throughout the course it does
time to move I got to the shadowed side
of this coal and it's kind of in many
ways defeating the purpose of dock
fishing you're fishing the docks cuz the
fish are seeking cover and there's no
reason to seek cover if they're already
in the shade so I'm gonna get over to
the sunny side of another Bay and kind
of work that over and see what happened
what run this yamaha sh 0 for a year now
i've had roughly about 200 hours on it
I've had it from coast to coast and
that's the truth lake champlain to the
California Delta and fished at least
somewhere between 15 and 20 professional
tournaments and not a single glitch and
it's performed in every way and better
than I expected the reception has been
terrific in the bathroom rule for the
b-max sh 0 even one of the things that
we hear from anglers all the time is
that their fuel economy has allowed them
to go farther they don't have to plan
fuel stops in they don't have to carry
oil with them they're really happy about
not having to carry oil frees up space
in the boat there's more room for all
the mechanical pieces that are required
for power poles you're seeing and run
two power poles now instead of one it
really has changed the world of bass
we'd like to thank Dave Roback and the
folks from Yamaha for spending a little
time with us today now coming up we're
off to the boat show where we'll visit
with Ranger Boats before heading back
out in the water to check out yamaha's
new lineup of saltwater outboards while
we're there we'll also have offshore to
chase schooling tuna it's time to start
gearing up for spring and there's no
better place to do it than Cabela's
celebrating 50 years as the world's
foremost outfitter visit one of Cabela's
retail stores or call our toll-free
number and request a free catalog if
you're online just visit cabelas.com and
view our complete inventory from the
comfort of your home stay with us we'll
be right back with more from Americana
outdoors
you